=head1 Wordbath -- A transcription tool.

=head3 Usage

Invoke with a URL or a filesystem path to some audio.

    ./wordbath ~/interview.avi
    ./wordbath http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a8/Brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116-060521.ogg

Audio via URLs is saved to /tmp/wordbath, or your favorite working directory.

Adjust playback speed with by clicking on the provided audio rate buttons.

=head3 Hotkeys

Hotkeys can use arbitrary modifiers, such as home row keys instead of 'shift' and 'control'.

Example given: hotkey combination "<s>;" performs an ausio seek forward by 5 seconds.
To activate this, hold down the "S" key and hit the "semicolon" key.
Such an action will erase any S's left in the transcript in the process.

This is a strange way to do hotkeys, but the usual key modifiers aren't exactly
in the home row.

=over 1

=item * <shift>spacebar or <a>spacebar toggle play/pause

=item * <F5> to cycle through speaker labels at the end.

=item * <F7>, <F8> to slow down or speed up audio by 3 percent

=item * <ctrl>s to save next to the audio file, e.g. "audio.mp3.txt"

=item * <ctrl>e, to <e>xport in .doc format. (requires unoconv)

=item * <ctrl>q to quit

=item * <ctrl>z to recover from traumatic deletions

=item * <ctrl>y to redo undone traumatic deletions

=item * <shift>leftarrow, <shift>rightarrow relative seek to -2,+2 seconds.

=item * <s>j, <s>k, <s>l, <s>; relative seek to -5,-1,+1,+5 seconds.

=item * <a>s, to <s>eek in Audio to cursor position.

=item * <t>s, to <s>eek in Text to audio position.

=back

=head3 TODO

=over 1

=item    * Use synchronization vectors for time stamping.

=item    * Undo/Redo stack. (partially implemented)

=item    * spell checking (partially implemented)

=item    * Retroactive punctuation editing hotkeys

=item    * loading of transcript text & other metadata, such as text-audio synchronization vectors.

=item    * a stack of transcription spacetime contexts.

=item    * Figure out a way to use capslock effectively.

=back

